README.md, before:

AutoMatch
==========

**AutoMatch** is a CLI bot for Tinder which will (probably) get you better, faster and more reliable interactions.

# About

This software was designed just for fun, playing around with external APIs and as a learning exercise. I won't provide any kind of pro-level support for this software and you shouldn't expect it to work for long, since Tinder's API could change at any time without prior notice.

For more information about Tinder's API, please check out [this repo](https://github.com/fbessez/Tinder).

# Features

- [X] Forbidden strings list

    Create a file named `forbidden_strings` and type the keywords and/or sentences that would make you feel uninterested about a recommendation, strings are separated by newlines.

- [X] Known profiles list

    The script will keep track of known profiles (any profile it's seen throughout it's lifetime on the current device) and automatically give them a "pass" if they've been seen before. This is a workaround for Tinder's API where it might recommend people you've already liked and they've rejected your like in the past.

- [X] Irrelevant bio blocking

    Detect and automatically skip profiles without a real bio (automatic parsing of bios containing just an Instagram username). Empty bios will also be skipped. 

- [X] Automatic or manual likes

    Toggle `ASK_BEFORE_LIKE` in order to set whether you want the bot to automatically like suggested profiles that match your criteria or get a selection of choices, using the manual mode also allows you to check your suggested match photos by typing "p".

- [X] Customizable settings

    Tweak the algorithm by playing around with the values within the `settings.ini` file. This file will be automatically generated during the first startup. Invalid values will be ignored and their defaults will be loaded instead.

- [ ] ~~Main menu with account settings options (max distance, age range, etc.).~~

# Requirements

- PHP 7.4 or greater
- cURL extension for PHP

# Usage

- Run the program: `php index.php`, you'll be asked for a token. Continue with the next steps to find it.
- Sign into **Tinder** with your **desktop computer using a web browser**.
- Open **dev tools (hit F12)** and **reload the page**.
- Select the **Network** tab and choose **Fetch/XHR** from the top bar.
- Pick any request from the list, once the **Headers** window has opened, check the **Request URL**. Make sure it starts with "https://api.gotinder.com". If it doesn't, go through the rest until you find one that matches.
- Once you've found it, scroll to the bottom of the **Headers** tab and copy the value of the **x-auth-token** header.
- Paste it in the console and hit enter. That's it, you're good to go!

# Disclaimer

Please take into consideration that I'm not affiliated in any way with the Tinder company. All this code has been written through experimentation and public documentation found online with no intent to cause any damages.

If you feel like this isn't the case, feel free to file a takedown request.

# License

This project is licensed under the terms of [The Unlicense](LICENSE).

Commit message:

Add Spotify top track + artists support

README.md, after:

AutoMatch
==========

**AutoMatch** is a CLI bot for Tinder which will (probably) get you better, faster and more reliable interactions.

# About

This software was designed just for fun, playing around with external APIs and as a learning exercise. I won't provide any kind of pro-level support for this software and you shouldn't expect it to work for long, since Tinder's API could change at any time without prior notice.

For more information about Tinder's API, please check out [this repo](https://github.com/fbessez/Tinder).

# Features

- [X] Forbidden strings list

    Create a file named `forbidden_strings` and type the keywords and/or sentences that would make you feel uninterested about a recommendation, strings are separated by newlines.

- [X] Known profiles list

    The script will keep track of known profiles (any profile it's seen throughout it's lifetime on the current device) and automatically give them a "pass" if they've been seen before. This is a workaround for Tinder's API where it might recommend people you've already liked and they've rejected your like in the past.

- [X] Irrelevant bio blocking

    Detect and automatically skip profiles without a real bio (automatic parsing of bios containing just an Instagram username). Empty bios will also be skipped. 

- [X] Automatic or manual likes

    Toggle `ASK_BEFORE_LIKE` in order to set whether you want the bot to automatically like suggested profiles that match your criteria or get a selection of choices, using the manual mode also allows you to check your suggested match photos by typing "p".

- [X] Customizable settings

    Tweak the algorithm by playing around with the values within the `settings.ini` file. This file will be automatically generated during the first startup. Invalid values will be ignored and their defaults will be loaded instead.

- [X] Spotify favorite track and artists

    Suggested likes will show their favorite track, using the interactive mode will also let you check their favorite artists by typing "s" at the prompt.

- [ ] ~~Main menu with account settings options (max distance, age range, etc.).~~

# Requirements

- PHP 7.4 or greater
- cURL extension for PHP

# Usage

- Run the program: `php index.php`, you'll be asked for a token. Continue with the next steps to find it.
- Sign into **Tinder** with your **desktop computer using a web browser**.
- Open **dev tools (hit F12)** and **reload the page**.
- Select the **Network** tab and choose **Fetch/XHR** from the top bar.
- Pick any request from the list, once the **Headers** window has opened, check the **Request URL**. Make sure it starts with "https://api.gotinder.com". If it doesn't, go through the rest until you find one that matches.
- Once you've found it, scroll to the bottom of the **Headers** tab and copy the value of the **x-auth-token** header.
- Paste it in the console and hit enter. That's it, you're good to go!

# Disclaimer

Please take into consideration that I'm not affiliated in any way with the Tinder company. All this code has been written through experimentation and public documentation found online with no intent to cause any damages.

If you feel like this isn't the case, feel free to file a takedown request.

# License

This project is licensed under the terms of [The Unlicense](LICENSE).
